Learn Supply Chain Management Online
 
Develop and apply the foundational tools, approaches, and techniques necessary for designing and operating logistics systems and integrated supply chains. Supply Chain Fundamentals is an online course offered by MITx on edX and an entry point to the Supply Chain Management MicroMasters® program. This course is free to try and starts on July 10, 2019.
ENROLL TODAY
Looking for something different? Join one of our other upcoming MicroMasters® Programs:
Statistics and Data Science
Data, Economics, and Development Policy
Principles of Manufacturing
Use code SUMMER20 to save 20%
on any purchase on edX.org
offer expires June 5
Courses Starting this Summer
 
Introduction to Aerospace Engineering: Astronautics and Human Spaceflight
ENGINEERING
Spaceflight is exciting, and you don’t have to be a “Rocket Scientist” to share in the excitement! 16.00x makes the basics of spaceflight accessible to everyone.

Starts June 4 - Enroll Today
 
Introduction to Computer Science and Programming Using Python
COMPUTER SCIENCE
An introduction to computer science as a tool to solve real-world analytical problems using Python 3.5.

Starts June 5 - Enroll Today
 
Machine Learning with Python: from Linear Models to Deep Learning
COMPUTER SCIENCE
An in-depth introduction to the field of machine learning, from linear models to deep learning and reinforcement learning, through hands-on Python projects.

Starts June 11 - Enroll Today
 
Principles of Synthetic Biology
COMPUTER SCIENCE
Learn how to engineer biological systems and program organisms to perform novel tasks.

Starts June 12 - Enroll Today
 
Paradox and Infinity
PHILOSOPHY & ETHICS
This is a class about awe-inspiring issues at the intersection between philosophy and mathematics.

Starts June 18 - Enroll Today
 
Introduction to Philosophy: God, Knowledge and Consciousness
HUMANITIES
Learn how to ask and answer big questions. Pursue a verified certificate to have your work graded and commented upon by professional philosophers.

Starts June 19 - Enroll Today
 
Evaluating Social Programs
SOCIAL SCIENCES
Understand how randomized evaluations can be used to evaluate social and development programs.

Starts July 2 - Enroll Today
Professional Opportunities from MIT xPRO
 
Quantum computing will soon have a substantial impact on almost every industry. Understand the true possibilities and advantages of quantum computing while getting hands-on experience in the two-course online program, Quantum Computing Realities starting June 17.

Enroll Today
Submit a Solution to MIT Solve's Global Challenges
More than $1.25 million in funding is available for tech entrepreneurs with solutions to MIT Solve’s 2019 Global Challenges: Circular Economy, Community-Driven Innovation, Early Childhood Development, and Healthy Cities. How do we build a circular economy that targets zero waste and zero carbon? How can we create social inclusion and shared prosperity? Ensure that every child in their earliest years receives quality, affordable support and care? Or promote physical and mental health for people who live in cities and slums?

If you have a solution, apply to MIT Solve by July 1.
More Free Resources From MIT Available at:

FOLLOW US